we're here at the Miami International
Boat Show checking out the new Lowrance
elite Ti series of chartplotter fish
blenders come in five seven nine and
twelve inch diagonal screens available
for $5.99 through 1999 what's important
about those prices is it is roughly half
of what this technology used to cost
we've got the 12 TI right here gives you
a chart plotter as a normal one would
it also gives you two ways to find fish
sonar and then structure it also ties
into the engine information rpm speed
that sort of thing
another really remarkable thing about
the technology is that it's all Wi-Fi
enabled so all your updates come through
Bluetooth or Wi-Fi you can also download
the apps for Android and Apple system
and you can mirror the screen on your
phone and you can actually control the
screen from your tablet and you can read
more about the new LED eye series of
sharp waters that boats calm boat
insurance had United marine underwriters
were simply the best at what we do
just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs spa insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters